Update AutoOps + ECK docs for removal of enterprise license requirement. (#5308)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-cloud-connect-autoops-troubleshooting.md

* [My organization's firewall might be preventing {{agent}} from collecting and sending metrics.](#firewall)
* [{{agent}} is failing to connect because it doesn't recognize my SSL certificate.](#custom-cert)
* [I went through the wizard with {{ECK}} (ECK) as my installation method, but I can't view any connected clusters in my account.](#eck-no-clusters) {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3`

> * [My `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` entered an `Invalid` phase after a license change.](#invalid-phase-license-change) {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [My `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` resource entered the `Invalid` phase after a license change.](#invalid-phase-license-change) {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3.1`
```

> * [My `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` entered an `Invalid` phase after a license change.](#invalid-phase-license-change) {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3.1`

Author: I moved to ga 3.3, here's why:

> Or is it true that a user who hasn't upgraded to ECK 3.3.1 can't access these features on a Basic license?
You can't use a basic license on 3.3.0, BUT an enterprise user on 3.3.0 might have his license expire, and hit this exact issue.

$$$eck-no-clusters$$$**I went through the wizard with {{ECK}} (ECK) as my installation method, but I can't view any connected clusters in my account.** {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3`
:   Refer to [](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/autoops-sm-troubleshoot-eck-no-clusters.md) to diagnose and resolve common issues.

$$$invalid-phase-license-change$$$**My `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` entered an `Invalid` phase after a license change.** {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3.1`

> :   The minimum AutoOps Agent version depends on your license type. Enterprise licenses support agent versions 9.2.1 and later, while Basic licenses require 9.2.4 or later. If your license is downgraded from Enterprise to Basic and your AutoOps Agent version is between 9.2.1 and 9.2.3, the policy will fail validation and enter an `Invalid` phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   The minimum required {{agent}} version for the ECK installation method depends on your license type.

Enterprise licenses require agent versions 9.2.1 and later, and Basic licenses require versions 9.2.4 or later. If your license is downgraded from Enterprise to Basic and your agent version is between 9.2.1 and 9.2.3, the policy will fail validation and enter the `Invalid` phase.
```
